The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall. -Nelson Mandela
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing. -Walt Disney
Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life. Don't be trapped by dogma – which is living with the results of other people's thinking. -Steve Jobs
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. -Eleanor Roosevelt
If you look at what you have in life, you'll always have more. If you look at what you don't have in life, you'll never have enough. -Oprah Winfrey
If you set your goals ridiculously high and it's a failure, you will fail above everyone else's success. -James Cameron
You may say I'm a dreamer, but I'm not the only one. I hope someday you'll join us. And the world will live as one. -John Lennon
You must be the change you wish to see in the world. -Mahatma Gandhi
Spread love everywhere you go. Let no one ever come to you without leaving happier. -Mother Teresa
The only thing we have to fear is fear itself. -Franklin D. Roosevelt
Darkness cannot drive out darkness: only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate: only love can do that. -Martin Luther King Jr.
Do one thing every day that scares you. -Eleanor Roosevelt
Well done is better than well said. -Benjamin Franklin
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched - they must be felt with the heart. -Helen Keller
It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light. -Aristotle
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Be yourself; everyone else is already taken. -Oscar Wilde
You will face many defeats in life, but never let yourself be defeated. -Maya Angelou
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams! Live the life you've imagined. -Henry David Thoreau
In the end, it's not the years in your life that count. It's the life in your years. -Abraham Lincoln
Never let the fear of striking out keep you from playing the game. -Babe Ruth
In this life we cannot do great things. We can only do small things with great love. -Mother Teresa
Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up. -Thomas A. Edison
You have brains in your head. You have feet in your shoes. You can steer yourself any direction you choose. -Dr. Seuss
Life is either a daring adventure or nothing. -Helen Keller
Life is a long lesson in humility. -James M. Barrie
In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on. -Robert Frost
You have brains in your head. You have feet in your shoes. You can steer yourself any direction you choose. -Dr. Seuss
Life is made of ever so many partings welded together. -Charles Dickens
Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life. Don't be trapped by dogma — which is living with the results of other people's thinking. -Steve Jobs
Life is trying things to see if they work. -Ray Bradbury
Success is not final; failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts. -Winston S. Churchill
Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it. -Henry David Thoreau
If you want to make your dreams come true, the first thing you have to do is wake up. -J.M. Power
If you really look closely, most overnight successes took a long time. -Steve Jobs
The secret of success is to do the common thing uncommonly well. -John D. Rockefeller Jr.
I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have. -Thomas Jefferson
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. -Eleanor Roosevelt
You miss 100% of the shots you don't take. -Wayne Gretzky
Whether you think you can or you think you can't, you're right. -Henry Ford
I have learned over the years that when one's mind is made up, this diminishes fear. -Rosa Parks
I alone cannot change the world, but I can cast a stone across the water to create many ripples. -Mother Teresa